Hello, everybody, and welcome back.

And this video I'd like to kind of give you a brief overview over what kind of methods we have available

for building mobile applications and how kind of flutter fits into this whole picture and what makes

Flutter amazing and what other options we have for developing applications.

Before we kind of dive further into learning more about Flutter.

So in essence, when to give you a context of apps?

And I know that as a flutter to now, Flutter actually supports the development of web and mobile apps.

But then this course, what I'm going to be doing is I'm going to be trying to teach you the fundamentals

of Flutter, and we're going to be working towards building both iOS and Android applications.

And the knowledge that you'll kind of get through developing these applications will easily translate

to whether you're going to be then moving onwards to developing Flutter for Web or Flutter for desktop.

So with that said, let's kind of talk about what Flutter does in terms of mobile development and how

it kind of stacks up in the whole picture.

So in essence, we have three approaches when it comes to building mobile application in today's market.

These are the three big ones.

I don't know if I'm missing something, but those are called one developing native mobile applications

to developing web applications such as progressive web apps that run on the phone in a way that it mimics

the actions of a mobile app.

And this kind of website, or a progressive web app, has the functionality that maybe traditional web

applications don't have, such as having access to device level hardware such as the phone's camera

sensors and things like that.

And then finally, we have something called hybrid apps as well.

And what hybrid apps do is that they kind of try to mix the native and the web together and they try

to build a application.

And usually the approach for this is that they try to build an application in a way where the application

has a web browser running inside of which, which then renders the actual application.

So that's why we call them and hybrid that word.

It's an actual app that gets installed on the actual device, but the inside of the actual application

there, there's a web view that's actually rendering the contents of the application.

So now that we have an understanding of this, let's move on to the next slide where I'm going to be

trying to kind of show you what are some of the advantages of each of these approaches?

So the advantages of having native apps is one that we have quality applications.

We have good UI designs because of the aspect ratios and everything like that.

It has usually good ID support.

The speed of such applications is much more performant as opposed to the ones that are built either

hybrid or progressive web apps.

They have good UI interactions that kind of mimic the feel and look of the actual environment in Iran.

So they have a native look.

They have good usability, and all of the new features that are released on a platform are usually available

to the native application developers first, then their counterparts, such as web apps or hybrid apps.

So moving onwards, then we have web apps now.

Web apps are amazing because one they're easier to develop.

Why?

Because you don't have to learn a new framework many people might have understanding of web technologies

already JavaScript as a language already their CIUSSS and HTML language already, and they can kind

of combine that decrease their learning time and kind of build a prototype or a product that can be

shipped to the market quickly.

Second, they're easily customizable as well.

They also have reduced development costs because a single code base can usually be used to run apps

on both iOS, Android and the Web, as well as Windows Phones.

They're easy installation web apps as we all know, or accessible almost anywhere when you have an internet

connection and they have good maintenance as well.

And that kind of ties into the whole aspect of there being one code base that's being sure to develop

the application.

And there be a pool of developers which are already comfortable having a certain set of skills, and

they can just easily translate them into learning a new framework that can allow them to use the knowledge

that they have already to build that now web apps instead.

So now moving on from there, this next is hybrid apps.

Now hybrid apps kind of improve the UI slash rex experience that kind of lacks in web apps.

They also have the advantage of having reduced development costs because of the shared code base, ease

of integration, offline support and simplified maintenance.

And that's pretty much all of the advantages of hybrid apps that at least I can think of.

So with that said, let's talk about what the needs of users are, and users in this case could be client

and user developers, designers, everybody that's kind of involved in the app making slashed using

process.

So if I was the CEO of a company, let's just say I would one one to choose a framework that reduce

the development time and costs to build an application to provided me an extremely stunning UI UX interface.

It had good integration.

It had offline support.

Obviously, the framework was a quality framework and the performance of that application that we built

using that framework was good.

It was somewhat standing on the shoulders of some of the bigger technology companies out there.

I didn't want to use a framework that was just by some random person or maybe an entity that I don't

know much about.

For example, Google has angular or flutter in this case as well.

So using a framework like that would be to my advantage because one, there would be good community

that surrounds that project.

So I would be easily able to kind of interact and see what's going on in the atmosphere.

And if I have any questions, I can actually get the appropriate answers.

And then I would want something that will allow me to have advanced UI interactions, as well as dig

deeper into the source code.

And finally, what I'd like to do is that I'd like to ensure that the code that gets compiled for the

application that I build is actually going to compile natively, and it's going to run natively on the

actual hardware of the device instead of using some rappers to kind of like proxy the interactions that

are happening between the device as well as the application.

So now that we have an understanding of all of the techniques that are available to us to develop an

app, what each of them offer to us and what each of their advantages are and what we as users, whether

it be developers and clients or some designer or developer, what our expectations are.

I think I'm going to end this with you here and now.

In the next video, I'll introduce Flutter to you and we'll try to tackle each of these checkpoints

and see what makes a flutter.

So amazing.

So with that said, I'm going to end this video here, and I'll see you guys in the next video where

we'll begin the actual introduction to flutter part.

So thanks again for watching.

We'll see you guys in the next video.

