Hello, everybody, and welcome to my blotter course and this course, we are going to be taking an

E to Z approach of learning flutter development.

And our focus is going to be by the end of this course is to make you somebody who is comfortable developing

flutter applications.

So before I actually begin this module or this section of our course, I would like to briefly discuss

what will be covering in this section.

So this section I would like to call is going to be our introduction section.

And what we're going to be focusing on are going to be things such as understanding how flutter as a

framework fits in the picture in essence of the millions of other frameworks that we have for developing

mobile applications will also discuss techniques that are present in today's technological world on

developing applications and how flutter kind of fits into them.

We'll see what are the unique selling points of Flutter.

What makes Flutter so powerful?

What makes Flutter such a groundbreaking and amazing framework that a lot of companies are now adopting?

And then we'll also learn some of the design patterns associated with Flutter, such as the Material

Design Convention of Google.

And we'll also take a look at things such as how to set up flutter on different kind of environments,

such as a windows development environment or impact development environment.

And then at the end, we'll also take an overview of our courses, outline and kind of see what things

we are going to be building in this course.

So with that said, I think this was a good enough introduction to the first section of our course.

I hope that you're going to enjoy this course as much as I have enjoyed making it.

And with that, I'll see you guys in the next video where we'll try to kind of pinpoint what Flutter

is and how it kind of fits into the big picture of the Brazilian social development framework that we

have out there for building mobile applications and things like that.

So with that, thank you for watching.

I'll catch you guys in the next video.