Hello, everybody, and welcome back.

And this video, I am going to be giving you a overview over what we're going to be learning in this

course and how our progress is going to be through this course as we go on the of actually learning

this little framework.

Keep in mind that the majority of the stuff that's going to be covered in the course I'm going to be

showing in this course.

Overview But if I feel like that, there is something that has been asked by a lot of different students.

I'll have an ending section in our courts where I have some extra floater content for anything that

relates to student requests.

So that thing is not going to be included in this course.

Overview This course overview is just going to include stuff that I've prepared for, the course that

is going to be basically taking you through everything that you need to do to be a seasoned flutter

developer.

So with that said, let's get into it and let's see what we're going to be learning.

So first things first, the first introductory section in our course is going to be the introduction

section, and this is the section in which you are currently right now watching this video as well.

And this is the section where I'm going to be giving you an overview of Flutter, as well as an overview

of the course.

And we were just going to be talking about some of the important concepts related to a flutter fits

into the picture.

What are the mobile development techniques?

Are there?

How flutter kind of for the architecture of Flutter widget lifecycle, where you can find help, where

you can find the relevant resources in your learning flutter and all of things like that?

Once we're done with the introductory section and we're up to speed with all of the prerequisite knowledge

that we need to know, we are going to be going towards the second section in our course, and that

is going to be the setup section and this section.

We're going to be taking a look at how we can set up the Flutter SDK on a Mac operating system on the

Windows operating system.

And as well as how we can set up our visual studio code environment and install the necessary plugins

that are going to aid our development experience and allow us to build better flutter applications in

a fluent manner.

With this done, we will finally have all of the necessary prerequisites done for actually building

flutter applications.

And we're going to be taking our focus just a bit tired to the site before we delve completely into

Flutter.

And we're going to be taking a look at Dart, and we are going to have this section in, of course,

where we're going to be basically taking a look at the Dart programming language and the fundamentals

of it.

We'll take a look at things such as strings, where variables, numbers, asynchronous operations,

our futures.

How do you work with lists?

How do you work with maps?

But keep in mind that this is not going to be a tall, dark course.

It's just going to be a refresher section for you, which is going to basically give you all of the

knowledge you need to know about Dart in a manner that allows you to basically get up to speed with

flutter development and kind of understand what's going on.

We'll take a look at things that such as object oriented programming as well functions, decision making

loops, classes and objects, and a whole bunch of other stuff.

And we'll look at one of the most important features that is null safety as well so that you guys don't

feel left out when it comes to working with flutter applications that implement null safety or implementing

null safety from scratch after Flutter 2.0.

With this done, we would finally have everything ready to actually go and build our first flutter application.

Our first letter application is going to be called the one.

And in this section, we are going to be basically learning the very basics of the Flutter framework.

We're going to be taking a look at the project structure, what a stateless widget is, how it would

interact with each other, how we can basically make UI is using Flutter.

What is the material widgets package, how we can use these, how we can style widgets, how we can

import assets, how we can use images and very basic stuff like this to kind of get us into the groove

of developing flutter applications that kind of give us that first hour project that we can actually

be proud to show to people.

And I tried to put an emphasis on trying to create a UI that's actually good and kind of mimics how

you guys would be creating an actual war so that you guys have something that you're like, proud to

show to other people and kind of feel like it's something that's reminiscent of actual real world applications.

With this done, we are going to be moving towards the next part of our course, which is going to be

developing a application known as task.

And this application is going to be a very simple to do based application.

And our focus is going to be towards building an application which can keep track of the To-Do tasks

that we need to do doing is they will also take a look at how to manage state and flutter using stateful

widgets.

We are going to be looking at a package known as Hope, which is a NoSQL database that lives on the

device and how we can persist data on it with data from it and.

We're also going to be taking a look at how we can import external packages into Flutter, not to mention

we'll take a look at some other useful material widgets such as list view, floating action buttons

and things like that.

And hopefully, by the end of this course, you'll actually have an application that looks good but

also is fully functional as well.

And I hope that you're going to enjoy building this application with passably.

Then we're going to be moving toward something known as animations in Flutter.

And I want it to include this in the middle of our course because I think animations are something that

are sometimes left behind and some of the other courses that I thought that giving you knowledge about

how you can work with animations of Flutter is going to be very good as well.

So I decided to make an application where we're going to be taking a look at just how we can implement

animations and flutter using a variety of different techniques.

And that is going to be achieved by using the Adam Do app.

And then I'm developers.

It's going to be a very basic app which is going to allow us to basically experiment with animations

and flow and see how they work.

And this is going to be an optional section you can skip if you don't want to look into animations,

you can come back to this if you'd like to do so.

This is not going to hinder your progress through the course, and it doesn't build upon anything besides

the sections that come before this.

So with Adam, go down in the books, we're going to be moving towards our first asynchronous application,

as well as an application that actually pulls data from the internet.

And the application that we're going to be building is going to be coined cap and the coin cap application.

We're going to be taking a look at how we can work with web requested flutter, how to interact with

APIs, what futures are, what future builders are, how we can use asynchronous operations, how are

you thinking of aid works, how we can import assets into our flutter application, how we can basically

navigate between different pages in our Flutter application, as well as how we can basically create

an application that has some future based or asynchronous based operations implemented in it.

And how we can basically change the widget tree based upon what the state of a future is or what the

state of our asynchronous function or asynchronous operation is.

This application is going to utilize the CoinGecko API and through the API, which is totally free to

use, will be able to pull data for a bunch of different cryptocurrencies and will also have actual

page in this application, which is going to allow us to see the exchange rate for all different cryptocurrencies

for a lot of different currencies.

So with this done, I think this is going to be a very special kind of application to build because

it's going to allow us to basically have an actual price blocker for cryptocurrencies.

So with this done, we'll be able we'll be moving to another application in our course and this is going

to be for a year.

My goal to building this application was to actually teach you state management and flutter and how

we can basically work with state management, how we can work with things known as change.

Notify us how we can integrate web requests with the provider state management framework, how we can

import custom fonts into a folder application, how we can basically link everything together in Flutter.

We're also going to be taking it look at named road applications and a whole host of other features.

And by the end of this course, you'll have a fully functioning, fully featured 2B application, which

is going to allow you to basically select a certain amount of difficulty and have actual trivia questions

pulled from the internet and then actually answer them as you please.

And this is going to be a very cool application as well.

But we're done.

We are going to be moving on to our one of the biggest applications that we're going to be building

in this course.

And that is going to be for Instagram, for Instagram is going to allow us to basically work with Firebase

using Flutter.

We're going to be taking a look at how Firebase works in Flutter, what different modules does Firebase

have and things like that.

But before we actually move into actually implementing functionality into the fence program and what

we're going to be doing is that we are going to be working towards building the UI for our Instagram

app.

We're going to be taking a look at how to work with forms.

We're going to be taking a look at how to work with form fields.

We're going to be taking a look at what a navigation park is, how we can access the device's stores

to access images and things like that.

And we're going to pull a fully featured log in and a description page for our application.

And this is going to be one of the sections in our course.

Once we're done with the section, we're actually going to be moving to the other section in our course,

which is going to build upon the same Instagram application.

But this time our focus is going to be towards implementing Firebase into our application.

So we're going to be taking a look at how we can implement Firebase authentication, Firebase Storage,

Cloudflare Store, as well as how we can integrate Firebase on iOS and Android.

I'm also going to be giving you a basic overview of Firebase at back and as a service provided to us

by Google.

What different services it provides us, how we can work with it and things like that.

And apart from this, will also take a look at how we can.

And basically work with streams and stream builders, how well you can upload files to using Flutter

tool, for example, cloud storage, and we're also going to be taking a look at how we can work with

great views in Flutter.

Moving on from Instagram, we are going to be developing the final application in our course and this

application is going to be called IBM.

It's going to be app, which is going to allow us after we give it a certain number of inputs to calculate

the BMI for the respective user and what our focus in this course is going to be or in this section.

I should say it's going to be to learn how we can work with Cupertino styled widgets in Flutter.

So in all of the previous sections of our course, we were working with the material design scheme and

we were working with material widgets from the material package.

In this section, we're going to be taking a look at how we can work with Cupertino widgets in our application

and how we can style applications in Flutter that kind of mimic the iOS design schema called Cupertino.

We'll also take a look at your preferences, and I'll highly recommend that you kind of go along and

actually build this application in this course.

Why?

Because this will actually bring us to the last and final section in our course, which is going to

be flutter testing and debugging.

We are going to be basically taking the IBM application that we built in the previous video, and we're

going to be working with it to implement things such as unit testing in our flutter application, how

we can mock things.

We are going to be looking at integration testing.

We're also going to be looking at widget taxing log analysis, as well as how we can use the widget

inspector to aid our development experience.

And with this, that will pretty much conclude all of the main portion of our course or all of the main

things that you need to learn and of course, to be a fully adept and fully qualified floor developer.

There might be some sections that I might add afterwards, but those are not guaranteed.

Those would be upon students request if there's something very particular that the students want to

know about.

If I find some updates to specific sections that I want you to know about.

But this is what the basic outline of our course is going to be.

So with that, what I'll do is that I'll end this with you here and I'll see you guys in another video.

As always, keep learning.

Keep going.

Stay happy.

Stay healthy.

And I'll catch you guys in the next video.

God bless.

Thank you.