Hello, everybody, and welcome back to another video and this video, we are now going to be taking

a formal introduction to Flutter, and I'm going to be telling you what Flutter is.

Who is it for?

What makes it amazing and all of the shenanigans like that?

So with that said, let's get into it and let's kick the first ball into the goal, which is what is

Flutter.

So Flutter is Google's software development kit for crafting beautiful, fast user experiences for mobile,

web and desktop applications from a single code base.

Now that's one of the amazing features of Flutter Fit are a whole lot more that I'll cover in this video.

Flutter works with existing code and is used by developers and organizations around the world, and

it's free and open source.

So that's another excellent feature about Flutter is that it's one free for you to use, and it's open

source and everything that open source I love.

Now moving onwards with that, I think that we can talk a bit about Flutter and what makes Flutter special.

In my opinion and my opinion, what makes Flutter special is that it can help us create beautiful,

fast, productive apps and an extensible environment using open development models such as object oriented

programming and other things like that.

And many applications have been developed on the app stores that you can see right now that have been

developed by Flutter and and are excellent examples of good UI UX design and have garnered thousands

or even millions of downloads.

One of these could be something that's shown on the actual get up page for Flutter, which I'll come

to in some of the later videos, and that app is called Flatley.

So if you want to see an app that's built up by Flutter, you can definitely go and see the app or frankly,

reflect.

I believe that's how you say it, and it's available on both iOS and Android.

With that said, I also believe that fur gives us fast results like it's very easy to prototype applications

with Flutter, and it's easy to get a prototype up and running and make incremental updates on it.

Third, and most important to me is that the development experience is very developer friendly.

You can see the changes in your code instantly being reflected on the actual device that you're working

on, and I'm going to come back to this later, but that's what I love about it as well.

And then third and finally, the last thing that I think or the fourth last thing that I'm going to

say is that it's very extensible and open.

Flutter basically works with any development tool, but it has a whole host of plug ins available for

both Visual Studio Court, which is the editor that I'll be using in this course, as well as intelligent

Android Studio and Flutter, provides thousands of packages to speed up your development, regardless

of whatever your platform is.

So with that said, I think that now that we have an understanding of Flutter, what Flutter is.

Let's talk about who is Flutter for.

So I believe the flutter is for everybody who's involved in the development experience arm.

It makes designers converge on a brand driven experience on both Android and iOS.

It makes the life of a designer really easy because they have to create a consistent kind of design

schema for the application, and that can be replicated on both Android and iOS, as well as desktop

or web if you prefer easily.

It's excellent for prototype boards and students.

I believe that work in like hackathons and things like that because it allows you to build high fidelity

apps in a fast way that deliver a good user experience and cut down the development time by half, at

least half, I would say.

And that developers, obviously people like you and I benefit from fantastic developer tools and easy

to use language, which is dart and will come to dart in an later course as well.

Dart is the language of choice for developing flutter applications, a rich set of widgets, and I'll

come to widgets as well what those are.

But essentially they are the building blocks of a flutter application and great IDE support.

And we'll see how some of the world's top ideas actually implement flutter development in them, and

you can use them to speed up your development experience.

And that flutter frees up development time for us individuals so that we can use that valuable time

on actually building meaningful things, such as features of delightful experience that are going to

enhance the end user experience.

And it's a win win win situation for everybody.

So with that said, now let's move on to the next thing as to why Flutter is a big deal.

So we talked about the things that happen in the world of native applications and hybrid apps and then

web apps.

Now let's talk about how Flutter is a big deal and what Flutter is.

So to kick, kick it off, I'm going to tell you that Flutter is a framework that develops mobile application,

but the core that is then shipped to a device is native code.

So this framework falls in the category of native mobile development.

You already know that it's going to have amazing speed and good quality on the actual device.

But besides this, the first big thing is that.

To reduce development costs that already came to single code base that you can share your code build

the same app for different devices that capture a bigger target market and have less time actually maintaining

your code.

Second, an excellent UI UX experience.

Flutter has amazing capabilities for animations and creating custom UI and UX experiences.

Ease of integration offline support It's simplified maintenance.

As I already told you, it's developed by Google and is open source.

So not only is it developed by one of the best tech companies in the world, but it's also open source.

So it has the love from the open source community and bug fixes are usually done faster.

It's a single code base that allows us to develop both iOS, Android Web and desktop applications and

do so in a way that they compile natively so that the actual code that runs on the device's native code

for the device.

And then finally, it has superb tooling, so it creates a good ecosystem for us developers.

So with that said, I'm going to end this video here, and I'll now see you guys in the next video where

we're going to be talking about one of the most fundamental building blocks of a flutter application,

and those are widgets.

So with that, thank you for watching.

I'll catch you guys in the next video.

Thanks again.


